wiki/First-Steps.md, before:

# 🚀 First Steps with CapMeToo

Welcome to CapMeToo! This guide will walk you through generating your very first AI-powered social media caption.

## 🎯 Prerequisites

Before we start, make sure you have:
- ✅ **CapMeToo open** in your browser
- ✅ **Google AI API key** configured ([Setup guide](API-Key-Setup))
- ✅ **A photo** ready to upload (any format: JPG, PNG, GIF, WebP)

---

## 📸 Step 1: Upload Your Photo

### Method 1: Click to Upload
1. **Click the upload area** with the camera icon 📸
2. **Select your photo** from your device
3. **Wait for preview** to appear

### Method 2: Drag & Drop
1. **Drag your photo** from your computer
2. **Drop it** onto the upload area
3. **Photo preview** appears automatically

### Photo Tips
- 📏 **Any size works** - CapMeToo optimizes automatically
- 🎨 **Clear images work best** - AI can better understand content
- 📱 **Mobile photos perfect** - Taken with your phone camera
- 🖼️ **Multiple formats** - JPG, PNG, GIF, WebP all supported

---

## 🎨 Step 2: Choose Your Caption Style

Select from 9 different styles in the dropdown:

### Quick Style Guide
- **😂 Funny** - Humorous, entertaining captions
- **✨ General** - Versatile, works for anything
- **✈️ Travel** - Adventure and wanderlust focused
- **🍕 Food** - Delicious, appetizing descriptions
- **💪 Fitness** - Motivational, health-focused
- **🌟 Lifestyle** - Aspirational, daily life content
- **💼 Business** - Professional, growth-minded
- **🌿 Nature** - Environmental, peaceful vibes
- **👗 Fashion** - Style and trend-focused

**💡 Tip**: Start with **General** if you're unsure - it works great for any photo!

---

## 🌍 Step 3: Select Your Language

Choose from 8 supported languages:

- 🇺🇸 **English** - Default, most versatile
- 🇧🇬 **Bulgarian** - Native generation
- 🇩🇪 **German** - Perfect for German audiences
- 🇪🇸 **Spanish** - Great for Spanish-speaking followers
- 🇫🇷 **French** - Elegant French captions
- 🇵🇹 **Portuguese** - Brazilian and Portuguese audiences
- 🇨🇳 **Chinese** - Native Chinese generation
- 🇮🇳 **Hindi** - Perfect for Indian audiences

**💡 Tip**: Choose the language your audience speaks most!

---

## ⚡ Step 4: Generate Your Caption

1. **Click "Generate Caption"** button
2. **Wait for AI magic** (usually 3-5 seconds)
3. **Caption appears** in a beautiful modal

### What Happens During Generation
- 🤖 **AI analyzes** your photo content
- 🎯 **Applies your chosen style** and language
- ✨ **Creates unique caption** with emojis and hashtags
- 📝 **Displays result** in an easy-to-copy format

---

## 📋 Step 5: Copy and Use Your Caption

### Copy Options
1. **Click "Copy Caption"** button
2. **Caption copied** to your clipboard automatically
3. **Paste anywhere** - Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.

### What You Get
Your generated caption includes:
- 📝 **Main caption text** - Engaging, style-appropriate content
- 😊 **Relevant emojis** - Enhance visual appeal
- #️⃣ **Smart hashtags** - Boost discoverability
- 🎯 **Perfect length** - Optimized for social media

---

## 🔄 Step 6: Regenerate if Needed

Not happy with the first result? No problem!

1. **Click "Regenerate"** in the caption modal
2. **AI creates new caption** with same style/language
3. **Compare results** and choose your favorite
4. **Try different styles** for the same photo

**💡 Pro Tip**: Generate 2-3 different captions and pick the best one!

---

## 📱 Your First Caption Example

Let's say you uploaded a photo of your morning coffee:

### Input
- 📸 **Photo**: Coffee cup on wooden table
- 🎨 **Style**: General
- 🌍 **Language**: English

### Generated Caption
\`\`\`
✨ Starting the day right with the perfect cup of motivation! 
Sometimes the simplest moments bring the greatest joy. 
#coffee #morningvibes #blessed #goodmorning #coffeelover #dailyritual
\`\`\`

### How to Use
1. **Copy the caption**
2. **Open Instagram** (or your preferred platform)
3. **Create new post** with your coffee photo
4. **Paste the caption**
5. **Post and watch engagement!** 🚀

---

## 🎯 First Steps Success Checklist

After your first caption generation:

- ✅ **Photo uploaded successfully**
- ✅ **Style and language selected**
- ✅ **Caption generated without errors**
- ✅ **Caption copied to clipboard**
- ✅ **Posted on social media**

---

## 🚀 Next Level Tips

### Try Different Combinations
- **Same photo, different styles** - See how style changes the tone
- **Same photo, different languages** - Reach different audiences
- **Different photos, same style** - Build consistent brand voice

### Experiment with Styles
- **Food photo** → Try Food, Lifestyle, or General
- **Travel photo** → Try Travel, Nature, or General
- **Selfie** → Try Funny, Lifestyle, or General
- **Workout photo** → Try Fitness, Lifestyle, or Motivational

### Build Your Strategy
- **Choose 2-3 favorite styles** for consistency
- **Match style to platform** (Business for LinkedIn, Funny for TikTok)
- **Consider your audience** when selecting language

---

## 🚨 Troubleshooting First Steps

### Photo Won't Upload
- **Check file size** - Should be under 10MB
- **Try different format** - JPG works best
- **Check internet connection**
- **Refresh page** and try again

### Caption Generation Fails
- **Check API key** - Make sure it's valid
- **Try again** - Sometimes temporary issues occur
- **Check internet connection**
- **Try different photo** - Some images work better

### Caption Doesn't Match Photo
- **Use clearer photo** - AI needs to understand content
- **Try different style** - Some styles work better for certain content
- **Regenerate** - AI creates different results each time

---

## 🎉 Congratulations!

You've successfully generated your first AI-powered caption! 🎊

### What You've Learned
- ✅ How to upload photos to CapMeToo
- ✅ How to choose appropriate caption styles
- ✅ How to select languages for different audiences
- ✅ How to generate and copy captions
- ✅ How to troubleshoot common issues

---

## ⏭️ What's Next?

Now that you've mastered the basics:

1. **[Master All Caption Styles](Caption-Styles-Guide)** - Deep dive into each style
2. **[Explore Multi-Language](Multi-Language-Support)** - Generate in 8 languages
3. **[Optimize for Mobile](Mobile-Usage)** - Perfect mobile experience
4. **[Install as PWA](PWA-Installation)** - Use like a native app
5. **[Advanced Tips](Performance-Optimization)** - Power user features

---

## 💬 Share Your Success

We'd love to see your first CapMeToo-generated captions!

- 📸 **Share on social** with #CapMeToo
- ⭐ **Star the project** on GitHub
- 💬 **Join discussions** and share tips
- 🐛 **Report any issues** to help improve

---

<div align="center">
  <p><strong>🎉 You're now a CapMeToo user!</strong></p>
  <p>Ready to create more amazing captions? <a href="https://YOUR-USERNAME.github.io/capmetoo">Keep generating!</a></p>
</div>

Commit message:

📚 Update deployment docs and wiki: clarify Cap-Me-Too/ asset structure for GitHub Pages

wiki/First-Steps.md, after:

# 🚀 First Steps with CapMeToo

Welcome to CapMeToo! This guide will walk you through generating your very first AI-powered social media caption.

## 🎯 Prerequisites

Before we start, make sure you have:

- ✅ **CapMeToo open** in your browser
- ✅ **Google AI API key** configured ([Setup guide](API-Key-Setup))
- ✅ **A photo** ready to upload (any format: JPG, PNG, GIF, WebP)

---

## 📸 Step 1: Upload Your Photo

### Method 1: Click to Upload

1. **Click the upload area** with the camera icon 📸
2. **Select your photo** from your device
3. **Wait for preview** to appear

### Method 2: Drag & Drop

1. **Drag your photo** from your computer
2. **Drop it** onto the upload area
3. **Photo preview** appears automatically

### Photo Tips

- 📏 **Any size works** - CapMeToo optimizes automatically
- 🎨 **Clear images work best** - AI can better understand content
- 📱 **Mobile photos perfect** - Taken with your phone camera
- 🖼️ **Multiple formats** - JPG, PNG, GIF, WebP all supported

---

## 🎨 Step 2: Choose Your Caption Style

Select from 9 different styles in the dropdown:

### Quick Style Guide

- **😂 Funny** - Humorous, entertaining captions
- **✨ General** - Versatile, works for anything
- **✈️ Travel** - Adventure and wanderlust focused
- **🍕 Food** - Delicious, appetizing descriptions
- **💪 Fitness** - Motivational, health-focused
- **🌟 Lifestyle** - Aspirational, daily life content
- **💼 Business** - Professional, growth-minded
- **🌿 Nature** - Environmental, peaceful vibes
- **👗 Fashion** - Style and trend-focused

**💡 Tip**: Start with **General** if you're unsure - it works great for any photo!

---

## 🌍 Step 3: Select Your Language

Choose from 8 supported languages:

- 🇺🇸 **English** - Default, most versatile
- 🇧🇬 **Bulgarian** - Native generation
- 🇩🇪 **German** - Perfect for German audiences
- 🇪🇸 **Spanish** - Great for Spanish-speaking followers
- 🇫🇷 **French** - Elegant French captions
- 🇵🇹 **Portuguese** - Brazilian and Portuguese audiences
- 🇨🇳 **Chinese** - Native Chinese generation
- 🇮🇳 **Hindi** - Perfect for Indian audiences

**💡 Tip**: Choose the language your audience speaks most!

---

## ⚡ Step 4: Generate Your Caption

1. **Click "Generate Caption"** button
2. **Wait for AI magic** (usually 3-5 seconds)
3. **Caption appears** in a beautiful modal

### What Happens During Generation

- 🤖 **AI analyzes** your photo content
- 🎯 **Applies your chosen style** and language
- ✨ **Creates unique caption** with emojis and hashtags
- 📝 **Displays result** in an easy-to-copy format

---

## 📋 Step 5: Copy and Use Your Caption

### Copy Options

1. **Click "Copy Caption"** button
2. **Caption copied** to your clipboard automatically
3. **Paste anywhere** - Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.

### What You Get

Your generated caption includes:

- 📝 **Main caption text** - Engaging, style-appropriate content
- 😊 **Relevant emojis** - Enhance visual appeal
- #️⃣ **Smart hashtags** - Boost discoverability
- 🎯 **Perfect length** - Optimized for social media

---

## 🔄 Step 6: Regenerate if Needed

Not happy with the first result? No problem!

1. **Click "Regenerate"** in the caption modal
2. **AI creates new caption** with same style/language
3. **Compare results** and choose your favorite
4. **Try different styles** for the same photo

**💡 Pro Tip**: Generate 2-3 different captions and pick the best one!

---

## 📱 Your First Caption Example

Let's say you uploaded a photo of your morning coffee:

### Input

- 📸 **Photo**: Coffee cup on wooden table
- 🎨 **Style**: General
- 🌍 **Language**: English

### Generated Caption

\`\`\`
✨ Starting the day right with the perfect cup of motivation!
Sometimes the simplest moments bring the greatest joy.
#coffee #morningvibes #blessed #goodmorning #coffeelover #dailyritual
\`\`\`

### How to Use

1. **Copy the caption**
2. **Open Instagram** (or your preferred platform)
3. **Create new post** with your coffee photo
4. **Paste the caption**
5. **Post and watch engagement!** 🚀

---

## 🎯 First Steps Success Checklist

After your first caption generation:

- ✅ **Photo uploaded successfully**
- ✅ **Style and language selected**
- ✅ **Caption generated without errors**
- ✅ **Caption copied to clipboard**
- ✅ **Posted on social media**

---

## 🚀 Next Level Tips

### Try Different Combinations

- **Same photo, different styles** - See how style changes the tone
- **Same photo, different languages** - Reach different audiences
- **Different photos, same style** - Build consistent brand voice

### Experiment with Styles

- **Food photo** → Try Food, Lifestyle, or General
- **Travel photo** → Try Travel, Nature, or General
- **Selfie** → Try Funny, Lifestyle, or General
- **Workout photo** → Try Fitness, Lifestyle, or Motivational

### Build Your Strategy

- **Choose 2-3 favorite styles** for consistency
- **Match style to platform** (Business for LinkedIn, Funny for TikTok)
- **Consider your audience** when selecting language

---

## 🚨 Troubleshooting First Steps

### Photo Won't Upload

- **Check file size** - Should be under 10MB
- **Try different format** - JPG works best
- **Check internet connection**
- **Refresh page** and try again

### Caption Generation Fails

- **Check API key** - Make sure it's valid
- **Try again** - Sometimes temporary issues occur
- **Check internet connection**
- **Try different photo** - Some images work better

### Caption Doesn't Match Photo

- **Use clearer photo** - AI needs to understand content
- **Try different style** - Some styles work better for certain content
- **Regenerate** - AI creates different results each time

---

## 🎉 Congratulations!

You've successfully generated your first AI-powered caption! 🎊

### What You've Learned

- ✅ How to upload photos to CapMeToo
- ✅ How to choose appropriate caption styles
- ✅ How to select languages for different audiences
- ✅ How to generate and copy captions
- ✅ How to troubleshoot common issues

---

## ⏭️ What's Next?

Now that you've mastered the basics:

1. **[Master All Caption Styles](Caption-Styles-Guide)** - Deep dive into each style
2. **[Explore Multi-Language](Multi-Language-Support)** - Generate in 8 languages
3. **[Optimize for Mobile](Mobile-Usage)** - Perfect mobile experience
4. **[Install as PWA](PWA-Installation)** - Use like a native app
5. **[Advanced Tips](Performance-Optimization)** - Power user features

---

## 💬 Share Your Success

We'd love to see your first CapMeToo-generated captions!

- 📸 **Share on social** with #CapMeToo
- ⭐ **Star the project** on GitHub
- 💬 **Join discussions** and share tips
- 🐛 **Report any issues** to help improve

---

## 🛡️ Deployment Notes

- All icons and static assets (favicon.ico, icon.svg, PWA icons) must be in the `/Cap-Me-Too/` subfolder for GitHub Pages deployment.
- Do not place deployment icons in the root or public/ folders.
- Example: `https://username.github.io/Cap-Me-Too/favicon.ico` is served from `out/Cap-Me-Too/favicon.ico`.

---

<div align="center">
  <p><strong>🎉 You're now a CapMeToo user!</strong></p>
  <p>Ready to create more amazing captions? <a href="https://YOUR-USERNAME.github.io/capmetoo">Keep generating!</a></p>
</div>
